What was the reasoning behind not verifying Julian Assange?
I don't think there was one.
Okay.
Can we do,
let's take a little sidebar here.
Yeah.
Can you tell me what's wrong with Julian Assange?
Like what,
what is the idea that this guy is some,
some super villain,
some bad person that did something terrible because the expose some information
like what it,
well,
I'm missing bags.
I guess it depends on how conspiratorial you want to get,
but join assign,
they,
they've labeled him like the intelligence agencies.
I can't write,
I think that may have been James Clapper said that he is acting as a private
intelligence adversary of the u s or something to that effect.
So of Russia,
you mean?
No,
that Julian Assange just acting independently against the u s o against it.
Right,
right,
right.
And so that the leaks assigned to put out very damaging to the u s right.
I think that's fair to say.
Sure.
They don't like him.
So,
you know,
then he ends up getting accused of,
uh,
I believe molestation.
I'm secrets or what was it?
It's,
it's,
it's pretty complicated.
W he was having consensual sex with a woman,
the common then?
No,
no,
I don't think so.
I think while they were in the in bed than the accusation was that he without a
condom on,
he had sex with her.
Again,
I don't think that's,
you know,
I'll be honest,
it's been years,
but I don't think that's the case.
I thought that there,
there is a,
I'll say this there,
it's been years I think,
you know,
but there was reference to a condom breaking and I think what happened was he
said it was fine or something,
but,
but you know,
outside of that,
you know,
the guy's been locked up for how long,
I,
I think,
I think it was the UN said something like it's a violation of his human rights
or whatever.
And yeah,
we went over,
it was like,
what is it,
six years if he's been locked up for more than six years.
Yeah,
it's crazy.
And it's because there's an an uh,
um,
man,
this is getting a little bit out of my wheelhouse,
but I think the US has preparing it in a grand jury indictment against them.
So,
but again,
you know,
and Chelsea manning who gave him the information is now free and out of jail.
I,
I don't,
I think it's presumed that Chelsea did.
I thought it was,
maybe it,
maybe it is the whole jail.
It's been years since I've tracked a lot of this stuff.
Okay.
But back to the main point,
back to the signage wasn't verified.
Wiki leaks was,
I'm pretty sure.
Okay.
So verification is not just,
hey,
this is Tim pool.
There's Jamie Vernon.
Oh,
that's,
that's the real Jamie.
Give him a blue check mark.
It's a,
we don't like use,
we're going to take away your check mark.
Even though we know you're the real you.
It's,
it's like a,
it's a class.
It's an elite class of people.
A removal of approval.
Yeah.
There are some people who I think have removed their own verification badges and
you can just change your name and it erases,
ah,
I think Pewdie Pie did it once and then immediately,
immediately.
Got It back.